Chapter One

There she was. 

She stood alone, staring down at her phone, lost in mindless thought. I thought to myself that, even if I knew every word in the entire Eenglish language, I still wouldn’t be able to begin to describe how beautiful she was. The way her blonde hair gingerly caressed the gentle curves of her face, and the mysterious way that seeing her smile seemed to lighten the load of my backpack made me wonder, “Just who is this girl?” I tried talking, but just from looking at her, I had forgotten every word that I once knew. I felt helpless. All I could do was stand there and realize that true beauty exists on this Earth. 

At this point, it hadn’t dawned on me that my best friend, Robbie had been rambling on about our after-school art club meeting. It didn’t surprise me he hadn’t noticed I stopped paying attention the moment I laid eyes on the girl. The drone of his babbling dissipated away into nothingness as I stared in awe at the angelic girl. “What was her name?” I wondered. I didn’t dare ask;, I was paralyzed with fear. I was afraid that I would try and say something clever and witty, but screw up along the way and sound stupid. You only get one chance to make a first impression, and I wanted to make mine to count. Robbie’s voice, slowly, but surely, made his way back into my head. I turned away from the girl and towards Robbie to see him waving goodbye and walking away. Our conversation was ending, as was my excuse to bask in the beauty of the stranger. I realized that I had to go too. I couldn’t chance the risk of having my first impression slaughtered by my fear of making a bad first impression. However, we went to the same school and were bound to run into each other again. As much as it pained me, I turned around and headed towards the door. 

“This is the one,” I told myself, “This girl is going to be the one that likes me back. This is the one.” I had never believed in anything more in my life.

Chapter Two

	I walked into the house, exhausted from art club. The walk home in the rain sure didn’t help. The door I had so rudely shoved open slammed shut behind me with a bang, like a gunshot on a cold winter’s night. 
“Hey Mom, hey Dad,” I muttered out of my sorry state of consciousness. 
“Hey, Neil,” they replied in unison. They were like robots, routined and predictable. But then again, all people are. Almost everyone is accustomed to routine. We all find some sort of comfort in relying on our daily schedule to be somewhat similar. “The vet said Mittens isn’t feeling any better. They say he might have 6 months to live.” 

I dropped my bookbag and stared the wall for a few seconds. Mittens had been my pet toy poodle for as long as I could remember. What would life be without Mittens? Would Mittens’ passing throw a wrench into the already fragile clockwork that was my existence? I knelt down beside him.

“Hey buddy,” I whispered, “It’s gonna be okay.”

	“Aroooooooo,” he howled weakly. He sounded like a trumpet whose player was running out of air. He tried wagging his tail, but fell flat, most likely due to his fatigue. Mittens had been sick for no more than a week. Mom and Dad had taken him to the vet today, but he didn’t have that long to live.

	I gathered up his frail body into my arms and gave him a loving hug. Poor Mittens. I didn’t think he deserved to be sick. He came into my life like a hurricane of laughter and happiness. Now that he was leaving, I had to plan on dealing with what was left. 

I decided to leave Mittens alone to rest. He had probably been through a lot that day, what with the doctor’s visit and all. In a sad, depressed swipe of laziness, I picked up my bookbag and headed for my room.

I laid down on my bed looking at the ceiling. I had never truly appreciated the subtle bumps and edges of the popcorn-like style. My eyes flitted around and traced a picture of the girl in the bumps. I still couldn’t get her out of her mind. What was her name? Who was she? What was she like? 

If she was like any of the girls I had met before, she would be rude, or stupid, or both. My romantic life had been a series of failures. I had almost gotten a girl to reciprocate her feelings for me before. If the past had any hint of repetition, even if I got to know this girl, everything still would end up in flames, especially if I liked her this much already. I told myself that this would be different, that she would be the one to say yes. But deep down, I knew I was only suppressing my belief that she would say no, rather than quelling it like I should have properly done.

Chapter 3
	It had been a little less than a week since the night I first saw her. I still couldn’t get her out of my head, regardless of what i was doing. I thought of her while I ate, spoke, and dreamed. Why couldn’t I get this girl out of my head? What was wrong with me?

I placed my lunch down on the cafeteria table with a plop and sat down to eat. Mindlessly, I stirred around the noodles of the dry and tasteless pasta. One by one, my squad of friends began drifting in around me. I didn’t pay them much mind. The only thing I could think about was the girl. Words melted around me as I tried to recall what she looked like. It’d been two months since I came to this school, and I’d never seen her before…
I glanced around the cafeteria in the hopes I’d see her. Maybe if she was there, I’d notice a shimmer of golden light resonating from her beauty. No such luck. As far as I could see, she was nowhere to be found. Staring down at my plate, I told myself that maybe I should forget this girl. Then I remembered that I would if I could. 

There was something about her, something that kept pulling me in, no matter how hard I tried clawing away. I think a small part of me liked how she kept pulling me in, it gave me a sense of purpose, in a way. Maybe that small part of me is what let her pull me back in time and time again.

I got up out of my seat to use the washroom. As I shimmied through the narrow aisles between tables I scanned the room for the girl once again. Nothing. Well, the key to happiness is lowered expectations... If I could just forget about this girl, maybe I wouldn’t feel so dismayed by her absence. I got out of the cafeteria and headed into the bright, clear hallway. Very few students ate their food here, and most of them sat in small groups that kept to themselves. The hallway was for the students who couldn’t find the right crowd to stand amongst. They were the outcasts, the misfits, and the strangers. 

I guess I had just gotten lucky that my friends and I had liked art enough to belong somewhere. I always wanted to feel like I belonged. A sense of belonging is a sense of normality to me, and I never wanted to stand out like a kind word in a sentence of bitter remarks.

I was less than three feet away from the bathroom door when I started looking around. I looked to the left. Nothing. I looked to the right. For a second, I almost didn’t see anything, and then I noticed it. A group of friends laughing and giggling and having a fun. And a smile. Not just any smile, the most beautiful smile I’ve ever seen in my life. The way her eyes lit up, the way her smile reached from ear to ear, and the way her nose crinkled made me think that whatever was happening had to have been one of the happiest moments in somebody’s life. I had thought about it for no longer than a second until I walked into the bathroom. All of a sudden, it hit me like the way a judge bangs his gavel. I had seen those twinkling eyes before. I ran back outside to see the smiling girl. It was the same girl. It was her! 

Chapter 4

I ran back inside the bathroom. Should I talk to her now? What would I even say? I couldn’t tell her that I couldn’t stop thinking of her. More than anything, she would probably be creeped out. I looked in the mirror in an attempt to calm down and formulate a reasonable plan. I needed a way to go up to her, I needed a way to get past her friends, and most importantly, I needed a way for her to like me.

Looking into the mirror, I saw somebody I had never met before. I saw me. Never before had I been so worried over a girl. Like a detective examining a crime scene, I observed my reflection. I wasn’t the handsomest kid in school, but I wasn’t too unattractive either. I had a regular sized body, and regular sized height. Everything about me was just regular, nothing extraordinary or special. I don’t know what it was that made me think that a girl so much better than me settle for someone so regular and unappealing, but I did, and that had made all the difference.

I looked out the bathroom window and listened to the soft pitter-patter of the rain. The clouds had blocked out the sun and the world looked dark and abysmal. There was something calming about it all. The familiarity of the smell and the sound the raindrops made when they hit the pavement. Growing up, rain wasn’t nearly as abundant as it was now. At the time, it seemed like it was raining every other day. 

Staring mindlessly into the rain somehow allowed a stray idea to wander into my head. I would walk by her, notice something about her, compliment her, and then use that as an opportunity to start a conversation. I looked straight into my own eyes in the mirror. Breathe in. Breathe out. I was ready.

I walked out of the bathroom and saw her again.

I was not ready.

I ran back into the bathroom. This plan wouldn’t work, it was hardly a textbook conversation starter. I needed a better plan. Maybe I should use a pickup line? “Hey girl, are you from Tennessee? Because you look broken.” Suddenly, I remembered I don’t know any pickup lines. That was probably for the best, though, as pick up lines are a waste of time. Maybe my original plan wasn’t so bad after. Slowly, I walked back out into the spacious hallway. I looked at her again, with wavering courage. Gradually, I made my way closer to her. Right. Left. Right. Left. I was a little more than ten feet away from her. She still hadn’t noticed me, she was too distracted by her friends. A few more steps and maybe things would have been different.

The bell had gone off. The ring sounded more like a lawnmower, cutting down another attempt to talk to this girl. She quickly turned and walked away from me. Before I even realized it, the hallway had filled up. She was gone in the blink of an eye.

Chapter 5

	The next day after school I was still mulling over how badly I had screwed up. I hadn’t wanted my first impression to be killed by my fear of messing up, and that was what I just did. I told myself to relax, I still hadn’t talked to her, and I still had a chance. 

	I was on my way to Art Club. I was late, so Robbie was probably already there ahead of me. I had stuck around the main hallways just in case I might see the girl again, but no such luck. So i gave up my dawdling for the day, and headed for the art room. 

	I pushed on the door with a disappointed shove, exhausted by playing cat and mouse with this girl. I wanted to talk to her. I glanced up and it was like God above had heard my prayers. There she was, sitting on a stool and painting. I took a quick look at her artwork, but I couldn’t tell what she was trying to do. Maybe it was abstract? Nonetheless, it was beautiful to look at, just like her, and it had every color in the spectrum sprawled across the canvas in a beautiful fashion. The reds perfectly complemented the greens and the yellows complemented the purples. It was as if she had somehow planned her messiness to be neat. She seemed to know what she was doing. She smiled a small, but lovely smile.

	I looked over at Robbie. He was flirting with the girls as usual. People have two reasons for everything: one that sounds good, and the actual reason. Robbie had always told people he joined Art Club for the passion of the hobby, but he was only really there to pick up women. Robbie was almost a polar opposite of me. He was confident and smooth and always seemed to know what he was doing. His hair was always slicked back in a way that didn’t look too greasy, but was still fashionable. He had extensive luck with women. It had seemed that for every girl that didn’t like me, he had had at least two girls who did like him. Robbie wouldn’t stick with the same girl for too long, however. He seemed to be afraid of commitment, not wanting to be tied down to a single girl. It was like he was a lion amongst a cage full of gazelles and he couldn’t stick to just one. 

	Something told me that this was my chance to talk to her. I needed to know this girl’s name, regardless of whether or not she would like me. All of a sudden I felt this feeling in my gut, like I had swallowed a pack of mentos and chugged a bottle of Coca-Cola. I swallowed my fear and moved forward. I went up to the seat next to her. I looked in her eyes. This was it, this was going to be my first impression. I opened my mouth and made a first impression I’ll never forget.

Chapter 6

“H-hey, is this seat taken?” I had tried to sound smooth and confident but my voice cracked the moment I spoke. The girl turned towards me. It was the first time she’d ever really looked at me. I gazed deep into her hazel eyes, and saw the universe. Stars, planets, and galaxies all shimmered in the twinkle of her eyes and I thought the world finally makes sense. She smiled at me and replied. 
“No, go ahead.”
Oh my god, I thought to myself, not only is going to let me sit next to her, but the sound of her voice was like sugar for my ears. She had the sweetest and most innocent voice I had ever heard. A perfect voice is like perfect porn: you can’t describe it, but you’ll know it when you find it. I pulled out the stool to her right and sat down. 
“T-that’s a really nice painting,” I stuttered. 
“Thanks! I’ve been working real hard on it!” she exclaimed with another bright smile, “Sorry if I’m getting in the way of your Art Club, but I needed to finish this and I didn’t have the supplies at home.” 
“Oh i-it’s no trouble, really…” I stammered.
“Are you sure?” she responded, “Thanks then! I’ll be sure not to get in your way! What’s your name by the way? I’m Abigail!” 
That was it. Abigail. Not only had I had the satisfaction of finding her name, but I was able to hear it come from her sweet, sweet lips. For a moment, I was so entranced that I almost forgot to answer her.
“Neil!” I spurted out. “I-it’s nice to meet you!”
Abigail flashed another smile that lit up the room. “You know…” she started, “this painting? It’s meant to symbolize the feelings you feel when you’re in love.” She pointed to the red. “This is meant to be the way your heart jumps. And see the yellow? That’s meant to be the way your mind races. The green is supposed be the way you gush every time you see him, and the purple is meant to be the sorrow you feel when you’re apart.” I knew exactly what she meant. She had described the exact way that I felt when I was with her.
“Right,” I said. “But you gotta add some blue for the way she makes you forget to breathe.”
	“Why blue?”
	“‘Cause that’s the color you turn!”
“Ahaha!” she laughed. Abigail made the beautiful face she made when she laughs. Her smile spread from ear to ear, and her nose crinkled. Her eyes twinkled again and I felt genuinely happy that she was. “Alright I’ll be sure to add some blue,” she said with a wink. “What about you, Neil? Can I see some of your art?” Everything she said sounded so exciting. She could have narrated the obituaries and I still would have been interested in every word.

It was when I was pulling out my sketchbook that I realized that if Abigail was anything like the other girls I’d known, she would either be rude or stupid. Abigail certainly wasn’t rude, in fact it had seemed that she was quite the opposite. She seemed so friendly and sweet, so much so that I fell for her even more. That meant that Abigail had to be stupid. As if on cue, a tall, frail teacher burst into the room.

“There you are, Abigail,” he said, “I forgot to give you back your test!” He walked over to Abigail and handed her a small booklet of papers. “You were right about number 12, so I gave you the mark.” I sneaked a peek at her test. She had scored an 76%, and from the looks of it, the test seemed pretty difficult.
“Thanks Mr. Barrett!” said Abigail. She turned back towards her painting and Mr. Barrett walked out of the class.
“How’d you do?” I asked, pretending I didn’t just steal a glance at her score.
“About average,” she answered. “I get around 70 on all my tests so I’m not too disappointed.” Abigail smiled again. I didn’t think I’d ever get tired of her smile. 
I was wrong, Abigail wasn’t stupid. I guess things don’t always work out the way you anticipate them to. 
“Oops,” she blurted, “if I’m going to use blue, I need blue!” Abigail giggled. She got out of her chair and fell over onto the floor. “Owch,” she cried. I leaped onto the floor to help her up.
	“Are you alright?” I asked.
“I’m fine!”
“What happened?”
	“I tripped on my shoelaces.”
I looked over at her shoes. They were fashionably torn, but clashed with the rest of her outfit. Her shoelaces were indeed untied. They were frayed and unkempt. Being that close to her, I noticed that her perfume made her smell like cinnamon. I pulled her up.

“Thanks,” she said. She got up to get some blue paint. While she was up, I pulled out my sketchbook and flipped to the most impressive drawing I had. Unlike Abigail, I wasn’t very interested in making abstract artwork. I found it easier to draw what I saw, rather than what I felt. It always mystified me how someone was able to animate their feelings, to give life to something which doesn’t exist outside yourself. Nonetheless, Abigail was able to do so amazingly well, capturing feelings I didn’t even know I felt. She came back to her seat quite quickly, with blue paint in hand. I moved over my sketchbook to let her see. I didn’t let everyone see my sketchbook, I felt insecure about my art, but there was something about Abigail that made me trust her. Abigail leaned over with her elbows on her knees and her hands on her chin in an interested fashion. 
“This is the sea,” I explained, “I always loved the sea. It’s so routine and pristine. And yet, even so, it can still be unpredictable in it’s predictable ways.”
“Whoa, Neil that looks amazing!” she responded with a smile.
I flipped the page. “This is a bee. The bee is a really cool insect. I really like how they all just sort of fall in line. There’s something about conformity that makes me feel important and that I belong, like I’m a cog in a great big machine.”
	“Bees are adorable,” laughed Abigail.
	I flipped the page again. “This one is a tree. Deep down, I’m a little jealous of trees. They all have this natural beauty that everyone loves.”
	“That tree looks awesome, and I don’t know why you would be jealous of something’s beauty,” she said with a wink.
	I laughed and closed my sketchbook. I had shown her all my art that was worth showing. 
	We talked for the rest of art club. We talked about jokes and TV shows and told stories of our friends. It felt like in the blink of an eye, Art Club was over. I stayed behind to help Abigail wash her brushes and paints, but really it was just so that I could talk to her more. I loved talking to her. She seemed to know everything about everything and so there was no topic that wasn’t completely foreign to her. After the paints were washed, and the brushes put away, I walked Abigail to the door. She didn’t seem to mind. 

	Abigail was being picked up by her father. I had waited with her until he arrived.
	“Thanks for waiting with me, Neil,” she said.
	“It’s no problem really! I walk home anyway so it’s not like it’s a big deal for me.”
	She pulled out her phone. “Hey, this might sound awkward,” she smiled, “but can I have your phone number? We never really finished talking about our favourite shows, and if we don’t finish it’s going to bother me like forever.” 
	Nervously, I pulled out my phone, “Y-yeah sure! That sounds great!” I was trying as best as I could to hide the fact that I was jumping inside.

	We exchanged numbers and added each other into our contact books. Soon her father arrived and she left with a goodbye. I’ll never forget how the smell of her cinnamon perfume slowly crept away from my nose, and how her long, beautiful, blonde hair bounced as she walked. As I headed home, I had realized that even though it was still dark and cloudy, the rain had stopped. 


Chapter 7

I opened the front door and let it slam behind me with a bang. I was still out of breath from talking to Abigail. I greeted mom and dad and headed for my room. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Mittens walked up and started whining. I was amazed. Mittens hadn’t been very active ever since he got sick. Now he was up on all fours and moving around, albeit with great difficulty. I got down on my knees beside him and cupped his head in my hands. 
“Wow, Mittens!” I exclaimed. “You’re getting better! Soon, you’ll be back to normal!”
	Mittens smiled as best as he could and wandered off towards his bed. As for me, I headed towards my own bed. I plopped on the mattress with a bam, like a depressed man hitting the pavement after he’d decided his life had gone to shit. I pulled out my phone and thought of Abigail. Should I text her? Would that make me seem too desperate? I thought that maybe I was overthinking things, but then I realized that Abigail was more important to me than some random, thoughtless girl. Everybody defines perfection differently, and for me, Abigail was the closest to perfection I had ever seen. However, that didn’t mean she was perfect. She was clumsy, and she wasn’t “hot,” but rather beautiful in a more classical term. Furthermore, she wasn’t exactly the brightest, but that’s not to say she was stupid either. Nonetheless, I still really liked her, flaws and all. I laid my head down on my pillow, and decided I shouldn’t call her her just then. Calling her so soon would only make me sound desperate, and I’d learned from experience that girls don’t like that, so I’d wait a few more hours before I did. I was going to get this girl to like me, because I wasn’t going to screw up this time. I was so sure she was going to say yes.

Chapter 8

It was just after I had eaten dinner when my phone rang. For a moment, I was entranced by the ring. I had chosen my favourite song to be the ringtone for people I thought were important. I looked at the screen to see who had called me. It was Abigail! I waited a few rings before picking up as to not sound as desperate. 


“Hey is this Neil?” her voice crackled through the phone.
“Uh… Y-yep.” I responded nervously. “Is this Abigail?”
	“Uh-huh!” Even though I couldn’t see her, I knew she was smiling. Abigail always seemed to be happy, and enlighten those around her as well. “So anyway, I didn’t finish talking about my favourite show! It’s so great! There’s tons of laughter and colors and it seems like a kid’s show, but it has a lot of mature life lessons and it’s super funny too!”I knew what show she was talking about, it was a cartoon, but I still enjoyed it nonetheless. I would regularly watch it from time to time. “What about you, Neil? What’s your favourite show?”
“W-what’s my favourite show?” I asked anxiously. “Uhm… The Living Dead.” I hadn’t lied, I really did like the Living Dead. Something about the drama and desperateness of the zombie apocalypse drew me in. Maybe it was the way everyone sort of belonged somewhere, nobody was outcasted just for being who they were. Everyone just partnered with everyone, regardless of social stature, physical appearance, or likes and dislikes. It was almost on the other end of the spectrum compared to Abigail’s favourite show.

We continued talking for hours about more art, TV, hobbies, video games, and basically anything that popped into our heads whenever one of us said a word. Together, we could talk for hours, and I really enjoyed talking to her. Everything was amazing with her. It was as if before I met Abigail, the entire world was in black and white. Then, she threw me a brush and taught me to paint. All of a sudden, I saw color in everything. She was able to show me how to find fun and happiness in everything. Soon I began looking forward to going to school just in the hopes that I could talk to her more. I became addicted to her positive outlook on life, and her amazing and sweet personality. I had never known what my dream girl would be like, but the moment I met Abigail, I knew that my dream girl was her.

Chapter 9
I awoke several hours later in a daze. I had fallen asleep talking to Abigail. Sleepily, I checked my phone. We had talked for three hours. I couldn’t tell at what point I fell asleep, but she probably hung up soon afterwards. I checked the clock. It was 6:00 in the morning. I realized I had another hour of sleep before I had to get ready for school so I laid back down. I closed my eyes and dreamt of Abigail.

Not long after, my alarm had gone off and I had gone through my daily morning routine. I said goodbye to Mom, Dad, and Mittens and headed out the door. I was lucky that it hadn’t been raining as much as it had in the past few days. In fact, the skies were even beginning to clear up. It wasn’t until I was about a quarter of the way to school when my phone began to ring. It was Abigail. I picked up the phone.
“Hey!” she shouted excitedly through the phone. “You fell asleep last night! You’re making it really hard to tell a long story to you!” 
“Heh, sorry!” Slowly but surely, I was beginning to grow more confident around her, and she seemed to like it.
“Listen, I’m like super close to school right now and I gotta go to tutorial, so meet me at lunch! I’ll be eating in the main hallway with my pals!”
I laughed. “Sounds great!” I tried to sound cool, but somewhere along the way, I took a wrong turn. 
“Alright cool see you then, Neil!” she hung up. 
I had never been so excited for lunch in my life.

I had gotten to school a bit earlier than usual. I decided that I should follow suit to Abigail and head to tutorial. At the time, I was having trouble in chemistry, so I headed for Mrs. Taylor’s classroom. 

When I had gotten to chemistry class, it wasn’t as busy as it normally was. I had never seen the classroom so empty, as I’d never been to tutorial before. I noticed a picture on Mrs. Taylor’s desk of a younger looking her and a man in a tuxedo. Presumably, it was her and her husband. They seemed so young and fresh, as if they had their whole lives together ahead of them, and so much love and happiness to look forward to. The student at Mrs. Taylor’s desk ahead of me seemed to be finishing up her question. She was eagerly leaning onto her desk looking down at the assignment that was laid on it as Mrs. Taylor explained the concept. The student ahead of me was a girl, and a really beautiful one. I had wondered why I had never seen her before, and inferred that she was in the morning class, whereas I had chemistry in the afternoon. The girl reminded me of Abigail. As the girl turned to leave, I saw her face. Her eyes were covered by her messy hair. Her eyes met mine and I realized that I had seen those eyes before, they were a pair of eyes that I’ll never forget. 

The girl, as it turns out, was Abigail. She had gotten a different haircut between last night’s Art Club, and this morning. She flashed another beautiful smile, and walked out the door into the hallway.

For the most part, I wasn’t in love with Abigail because she was beautiful, but because she had the sweetest and most amazing personality of anyone I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting. I know everyone says they don’t care about looks, but deep down, to an extent almost everyone does. But to me, Abigail was different. She could have three teeth and an eyepatch, and I would still have loved her the same. Sometimes, I wonder if she would feel the same about me if I didn’t look the way I did.

Chapter 10

By the time lunch had rolled around, I was too anxious to focus on anything but Abigail. I felt excited to get to hang out with Abigail, but at the same time, I was nervous that something might go wrong between me and her. Nonetheless, I swallowed my fear and headed for her corner of the hallway.

I had remembered Abigail’s regular place to eat lunch from when I had seen her the first time. The hallway was still spacious and empty compared to the cafeteria. I looked around. The hallway smelt of white glue and deodorant, something I’d never smelled walking through them in between classes. There were posters plastered along the walls advertising the Fall dance. I had dreamt of going with Abigail to the dance. I would meet her at the door in a sharp tuxedo, rose in my hand, while she walked up in a stunningly beautiful blue dress, with her hair done and her high heels on. She would look beautiful, even more so with makeup on. Though, beautiful as she was, makeup would hardly make a difference. We’d dance to the slow songs as I cradled her in my arms, with her head on my chest and her arms wrapped around my waist. I’d look into her eyes and tell her I had feelings for her. Another small, beautiful smile would grow on her face as her eyes lit up and told me she felt the same. I would never truly ask Abigail to the dance though. I felt as though the dance would be a step too fast. A relationship, romantic or platonic, is in essence a car that runs on love instead of gasoline. If you move too fast, you could risk the chance of losing it and hurting someone you love. 

I reached Abigail’s lunch spot. A few of her friends had already begun to gather around. The other girls were pretty, but they all paled in comparison to Abigail. She saw me through her messy hair and smiled and waved. I sat myself down in an empty seat close to her. There weren’t any actual chairs in the hallway, unlike the cafeteria, so other students would just sit on the floor. As lunch went on, more of Abigail’s friends arrived and she told me more about her favourite cartoon. She went on about how whimsical and colorful it was and how she had always loved how it taught valuable life lessons. With Abigail, lunch felt like it was 5 minutes long, rather than the long, drawn out hour that it was. The bell had rung and Abigail and I had parted ways for the time being. She waved goodbye and so did I. I had enjoyed lunch with Abigail. I loved hearing her talk and tell stories and being around her. Abigail was like a beacon of happiness who empowered and enlightened those around her, just by being who she was. I knew that if I ever had a girlfriend, I would want her to be exactly like Abigail.

Chapter 11

I had been eaten lunch with Abigail and her friends for the next few weeks. Her friends tolerated me, but they didn’t exactly like me. Abigail was like a master key, and she could unlock everyone she talked to, getting them to open up. I however, was a rather unique key. I could get close to getting someone to open up, but my curves and edges never quite matched up and it never worked out well, especially with Abigail’s friends. One day though, Abigail wasn’t there. I went to the cafeteria to find my other friends. I hadn’t talked to Robbie face to face since the night I first saw Abigail. We had texted back and forth, but hadn’t said much in real life. I had gotten to our table only to realize that someone was sitting in my regular seat.
“Hey man, I usually sit there.” I said politely
“Oh yeah?” he responded feistily, “Well ya ain’t been for the past few weeks and Robbie told me to chill with him at lunch, ‘cause I’m a real friend to Robbie.” The boy turned to Robbie, “Ain’t that right?”
	Robbie smiled nervously. “Neil, this is Mark. Mark, meet Neil.”

Mark was a scrawny kid. He had almost nothing but skin and bones on his body. His hair swept across his face, covering his eyes and acne. His braces made his lips purse, making him resemble a fish. He wore an orange baseball cap that looked like he’d been wearing it since 1942. Worst of all, he reeked of aftershave. It was as if he showered in the damn thing.

“Now fuck off, punk!” Mark shoved me aside. 
“Robbie, what the hell is the meaning of all this? Did you fucking replace me?” I asked.
“Well Neil,” Robbie responded calmly. He was trying to play me. “You have to understand that for the past few weeks, you’ve been an entirely different person. You don’t eat lunch with us anymore, you barely talk to us anymore, and you don’t even watch me pick up chicks in art club. All you do is wheel that one chick. She’s not even that hot. What’s up with that?”
I looked Robbie in the eye. “We’re still best friends though, Robbie. We’ve known each other since we were in kindergarten!” 
“Yeah well you’re ‘friendship’ don’t mean nearly as much as you thought it did!” butted in Mark.
“Fuck you, Mark. I could breathe on you and you’d probably fall over.” I responded snarkily.
“What the fuck did you just say, you little bitch?” 
“Hey everyone chill the fuck out!” Robbie shouted. “Look Neil, I’m just trying to say that while you were gone, Mark was my friend. There’s nothing that could replace our friendship. And besides, if that art club chick is changing you so much you gotta ditch her. Bros before hoes dude.”
I couldn’t take another word of this shit. “Fuck you, Robbie!” I really liked Abigail, and as far as I could tell, she wasn’t a hoe. Furthermore, if Robbie was really my “bro” he wouldn’t replace me, or call the girl I loved a hoe. It should’ve been obvious I really liked Abigail. Robbie was probably just too uneducated in actual love. He probably wouldn’t know true love if it ran him over with a plane. 
	
I left the cafeteria and went into the hall. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that Abigail had returned to sitting with regular group again. I sat down in the spot that had become mine in the past few weeks. I was simultaneously miffed and dismayed, and my expression sure showed it. I stared down at the ground without saying a word. Abigail looked to me with another smile, but her expression changed quickly when she saw mine. 

Chapter 12

“Neil, what’s up?” Abigail asked caringly. 
“Uh… Nothing…” I said halfheartedly.
Abigail looked at me doubtfully, lifting one eyebrow and pouting, “Neil don’t lie to me. What’s wrong?”
“I just… I don’t really want to talk about it right now…” I admitted truthfully.
“Okay, Neil... Just promise me you’ll tell me when you do. I hate to see you all sad and down in the dumps. Hey! Smile it’s your birthday!”
“Abigail, what the hell are you talking about my birthday is in July.”
	“Shh.” she said. “Hush muffin.” Abigail slid me her cafeteria ice cream. Abigail had lots of food from the cafeteria. “Eat this until you feel better,” she said with a smile. Abigail leaned in close and gave a small hug. It was a quick hug, lasting a little less than a second. She didn’t hug very tight. 
I froze for a moment, as I’d never hugged her before. Her cinnamon perfume as well as her strawberry scented hair permeated my nostrils, and I loved it. As her arms wrapped around me, our hearts grew closer and our heads softly bumped. I felt the weight of the world wisp away in her warm, soft embrace. I’d never forget Abigail’s hugs. Her hugs were like alcohol; They helped me forget the pain and remember happiness. It was like when we touched, I felt like a part of her world. A world of sunshine, happiness, rainbows,and love. I wanted to be a part of that world. 

I’ll never forget what Abigail did for me that day. She saw I was sad and did everything she could do to help me feel better. I felt like that said a lot about her personality, how she would go out of her way to help anyone. She called me later that day to check up on me. Abigail really cared about me, and It was an unfamiliar feeling that I won’t soon forget.

Chapter 13

The next few days I hadn’t said much. I was still feeling rather morose. Abigail had taken notice. She had tried giving me space, but at the same time she was too worried to leave me alone. That was part of what I loved about Abigail. She genuinely cared for you, and got worried if anything was ever wrong. It wasn’t until next friday that I had decided to tell her what had happened with Robbie and Mark.
	
“Those jerks!” she shouted, “That’s super mean! They don’t deserve to be friends with a cool guy like you! And I can’t believe they said that about me! First of all, how am I a hoe? I’ve never even had a boyfriend before! And why are these guys being mean to hoes? There’s nothing wrong with being a hoe, it’s just that a lot of them are mean and they just become generalized!” It was the first time I’d ever seen Abigail get angry. “You shouldn’t talk to these guys anymore, Neil”
“Trust me, I won’t.”
Abigail smiled. “Oh yay!” She looked down at her feet and started kicking the ground. “So Neil… Now that you’re feeling better, I was wondering if you wanted to go to the mall? We haven’t talked much these last few days and I thought that maybe we could talk some more?” 
I could barely contain my excitement. “Yeah! That sounds great!” 
“Does after-school today work?” 
“Yeah!” I could barely find the words to speak. 
In truth, I had a few plans to go to after school tutorial, but I figured I could reschedule. Abigail was obviously more important. 

It was what seemed like forever until school had ended. I met Abigail by the front doors and we headed for the bus to the mall. The bus was tightly packed and smelled of sweat and teenage angst. The only positive side to this situation I could find was that I got to be close to Abigail. We didn’t say much on the bus ride. With all the students, the bus was rather loud, so talking would end up being a waste of energy. I often saw Abigail stealing glances at my eyes when I wasn’t looking. I didn’t have a problem because I was doing the same to her. We got off the bus and headed for the mall. 

The first thing we did was go to the food court to eat. I had pasta and Abigail had a burger. The pasta was sweet, and savoury. It was moist and delicious. I remember looking into Abigail’s deep hazel eyes as I ate, and she looked into mine. We both laughed out of awkwardness, and I saw Abigail’s cheeks turn red as a rose. She picked off the pickles from her burger. 
“I hate the sour taste of pickles!” she remarked with her tongue out in disgust.
“Hah! Me too!” I agreed. 
As Abigail picked off her pickles and threw them onto her wrapper, she missed. One of the pickles landed right into my spaghetti. 
“Oh my gosh! Neil, I’m so sorry!” 
I chuckled at her nervousness. I always found nervous girls to be attractive. I loved seeing them open up to others and seeing a whole different side of them. Girls however, didn’t think the same of me. They found my nervous nature to be repulsive and unwanted, labelling me as a waste of time or a basket case. “Don’t worry, Abigail!” I comforted her. “Hey, who knows? Maybe pickle pasta could be delicious.” 
Abigail laughed. I could never get tired of her laugh. I scooped up the pasta with the pickle and shoved it in my mouth.

Pickle pasta was not delicious. I gagged, and Abigail laughed harder. She laughed so hard that she snorted. As if on cue, some of the girls Robbie was flirting with walked by. They rolled their eyes and walked on. I couldn’t help but look a little disappointed. I had wanted to show the world that I didn’t need Robbie, and that Abigail was my real friend, but these girls had saw me with her, and I became a joke. 

There was no point in trying to be unique and individual. All that I was ever going to be to girls like them was Robbie’s loser best friend. That’s the thing about people. They see you, and judge you, and cling to that first impression like a lifebuoy amongst a sea of piranhas. 
“Neil, what’s up? Do you know those girls?” Abigail asked once she managed to control her laughter.
	“Yeah… Well not really… They were just some girls Robbie used to hang out with. Now they’re going to all be cool kids and do cool kid things, while I’m over here shoving pickles and spaghetti into my mouth.”
	“Neil,” Abigail reached out and touched my hand, “The thing about coolness is, it’s all relative. Imagine a world where the weird kids didn’t exist. How would you be able to know who was cool and who wasn’t? Without peeps like us, they can’t be cool! Otherwise they’re just regular kids! Basically, I’m just trying to say that they need us way more than we need them!” She squeezed my hand gently and withdrew hers. 
“I see what you mean.”
“You don’t have to be cool. I know you’ve probably heard this a million times, but being not cool is a million times better than being cool! When you’re cool, you have this whole image you have to maintain. You’re basically stuck to a picture perfect kid who can’t step out of line. But when you’re like us, you get to be who you are! There’s no status quo restrictions on who you are and who you want to be! And trust me Neil, I’d rather hang with you, not some facade you pull off to seem cool. I like who you are, Neil.”
I blushed. “Thanks… I like who you are too!”
Abigail giggled and winked.

Chapter 14

We finished our food and headed for the stores. Abigail saw a clothes store and excitedly pulled me in.
She went around the store looking at dresses and shoes. Occasionally she tried some on. She came out of the dressing room wearing a blue dress and scarlet high heels.
“Well… How do I look?” she asked.
I paused for a moment. “Beautiful.”
Abigail smiled and blushed. “Thanks!” She leaned in close and began to whisper. “To be honest, I’m not going to buy this. I just wanted to see what you’d think.” She winked.
Abigail changed back into her regular clothes and we left the store. 

Soon after the clothes store, we found our way into a book store. Abigail showed me her favourite book. It was a book of magic and wizardry, with love and action. Her book seemed to have everything. It was like it could draw in any reader of any genre. I showed Abigail my favourite book. It was a love story. No magic, or action, or anything. Just love. It was a plain book, there was no hint of the magical or unreal world. I was never truly drawn into books of magic and love and action. To me, it seemed like they had tried to put too much in a story, and tried too hard to please the audience. What could’ve been an incredible and in-depth plot would become watered down by the useless and unimportant sub-plots. Nonetheless, I bought Abigail’s favourite book, and Abigail bought mine. I put my new book away into my backpack.

Surprisingly, the mall had a pet store. Abigail practically begged me to go inside and look at the “adorable puppies”. We stepped inside and it seemed like every animal wanted the attention of Abigail. They were whining and scratching at their cages, begging to be released so they could play with the friendly and beautiful girl they’d just met. I could barely see Abigail’s eyes through her messy hair, but I could tell that they were glistening with excitement. She picked up a kitten.
	“Awwww! Look at da cute widdle kitty!” she exclaimed with a baby voice. She had picked up an orange tabby cat. Abigail started to cradle the kitten. She was so maternal, and sweet. The kitten seemed to enjoy the attention from abigail. It smiled and wriggled around. I walked over to Abigail
“Hey there little guy,” I said comfortingly. I stretched out my arm to pet his head. Its head was barely larger than my fist. I absentmindedly looked to Abigail’s eyes, and she looked back into mine. We both blushed and turned away nervously. The kitty meowed.

It was getting late. We knew we should start heading home. Abigail’s father had work, so he couldn’t drive her home. I offered to walk her home, and she graciously accepted. As it turns out, Abigail and I lived a few blocks away from each other. She didn’t like to walk home because she thought it was far. In truth, it was rather far, I just dealt with it because I’d never have a ride. We entered the bus back to school. It was empty. It had seemed that either everyone had gone home already, or was still at the mall. Something about finding peace in a once unruly place was relaxing. It was like the way Abigail made me feel. I always felt that Abigail completed me, like I had been walking around my whole life with an Abigail shaped hole in my heart. I’d just accepted the fact that I was who I was, and that I’d never really know what being complete felt like. Then I met Abigail. She turned everything around for me and managed to show me what it was like to feel ways that I’ve never felt before, and I loved her for that.

Chapter 15

The sun began to set with practiced bravado. I was walking down the street with Abigail to her house when a large black truck came by. The truck had enormous wheels, and it was blasting music with an awful amount of bass. The ground seemed to vibrate as the truck drove by. For a moment, I thought nothing of it, until the truck slammed on the brakes. It made a horrible screeching noise, like a girl who was being harassed by seagulls. The driver’s door flew open. First came out one leg, then two, then the rest of the body. The driver had a scrawny body that reminded me of Mark’s.

That was because it was Mark.

“Sup, fucker!” Mark shouted.
“What do you want?” I retorted.
“What the fuck do you think? You’re a fucking asshole, Neil! I’m gonna show you who’s boss.”
I didn’t take him seriously. After all, he was a five foot nothing skinny teenager, who didn’t have any hint of muscle anywhere on his body.
“No! I don’t want to fight!” I protested.
“Yeah and what’s your bitch think?” he motioned toward Abigail.
“Stay away from her!” I shouted. There was no way I was going to let a guy like Mark lay a finger on Abigail.
“How about you fucking make me!”
I couldn’t take another word of this shit. I clenched my right palm into a fist and swung, aiming for his head. Mark took a step backward, leaning towards his left, completely dodging my punch. I nearly fell over from all the momentum from my swing, leaning over, but still on my feet. Mark took this opportunity to his advantage. He raised his knee, driving it into my chest at full force.

It hurt like hell. 

The force knocked me back upright. Mark grabbed my left shoulder and pulled it toward him. Simultaneously, he took his right fist and punched me in the stomach. I keeled over in pain. Then, Mark grabbed both my shoulders and threw me down. Before I hit the ground however, Mark raised his right foot and kicked me straight across the face.

With all of my remaining strength, I swung at Mark. I couldn’t have even killed a fly with that punch. Mark grabbed my outstretched arm and threw me onto the ground.

I was lying on my back on the pavement, weak and defeated. I wasn’t as strong as I’d anticipated. Mark was fast, faster than I had thought. Nonetheless, I couldn’t protect Abigail. Silently, I apologized to her.

Mark got on top of me, and started pummeling my face into a pulp. Everything was starting to go dark. I started seeing stars. The only thing on my mind before I blacked out was Abigail.

Chapter 16

I awoke several hours later in a daze. My face was almost too bruised for me to open my eyes. When I did manage to open my eyes, something wasn’t quite right.

I looked around. No longer was I lying in the middle of the street, but rather in somebody’s living room couch. There was an ice pack on my head, and a myriad of packages of frozen peas over my various bruises. The room looked warm, and welcoming. I was laying on a brown couch, near a window facing the street. The walls were a mixture of brown and green, with faded yellow stripes going up and down. To the wall ahead of me was a large flat screen tv. On the right, there was a hallway which lead to the rest of the home. In the middle of the room, right in front of the couch, there were two brown ottoman chairs that matched the sofa. On the wall opposite me, there was a large framed picture of a family, hanging above a fireplace, a father and daughter. The furniture complimented one another, and the home looked very lived in, as if whoever owned the place had a strong sense of love for anyone else under their roof. It was dimly lit, but still bright enough to see. I looked to my right, away from the sofa. I saw Abigail sleeping, cupping my hand in hers. Her head was asleep on my chest, and she had dozed off rather soundly. I would’ve let her be, she was beautiful and pristine when she was sleeping, but I had to wake her up for two reasons: one, to find out where I was and what happened, and two, she was drooling on my shirt.

Gently, I played with her hair until she slowly opened her eyes and lifted her head.
“Huh?” she muttered groggily. She looked into my eyes. “Neil! You’re awake!” She gave me a big, warm hug.
“Ow ow ow ow ow!” I groaned in pain. 
“Sorry Neil! I’m just so glad you’re okay!”
Her concern made me feel like I was important. I smiled. “Heh heh… So uh... Where are we?”
“Oh this is my house!”
“But… how did we get here?” 
“Well… I hit Mark right in the face so many times after you blacked out! It was like wham! Wham! Wham! He was so afraid of me! I made him drive me home, with you in the back!”
I was surprised a girl as innocent as Abigail could beat up Mark. “Thank you, Abigail. I mean that”
“Hey, don’t worry about it! I was super worried for you! I laid you down here on the couch and put all the cold stuff I could find on your bruises.” she blushed. “And… I stayed with you until you woke up. I guess I must’ve fallen asleep.” Abigail giggled and looked away. There was a large bark from behind Abigail. She straightened up. “Oh! I gotta go get Nachos! Hang in there while I’m gone, okay?” 

And with that, Abigail leaned in close, and gave me a soft kiss on my forehead. It was a short kiss, no longer than a half of a second, but did I ever savour it. It was the first time Abigail kissed me, and I struggled to contain my excitement. I felt like jumping up into the air and shouting, or curl up into a ball of nervousness on the couch. Regardless of what I wanted to do, I couldn’t move anything without it hurting. Abigail left the room to get Nachos. I was happy she was getting food, I felt like maybe eating could help ease the pain a bit. I closed my eyes, and waited for Abigail to get back, replaying the moment of her kiss over and over again in my head.

Chapter 17

I opened my eyes to see Abigail carrying a tiny pug. She held it up to her face, with the dog facing me. 
“Bark bark!” Abigail imitated in a falsetto voice. “My name is Nachos! Thanks for standing up to that jerk for Abigail! Bark bark!”
I laughed. Abigail’s imitation of her dog made me feel a little better. I was surprised that Nachos was a dog, and that Abigail wasn’t actually coming back with food. Nonetheless, Nachos still made me feel better.

Abigail sat down on the stool across from me, still holding Nachos. 
“This is Nachos! Isn’t she the cutest?” Abigail said with a smile.
I outstretched an arm and pet Nachos on the head. “She sure is.” Abigail started to cradle Nachos and he smiled. I envied Nachos, I wanted to be cradled by Abigail, and feel her soft, warm embrace. Nachos barked quietly twice. 
“What’s that, Nachos?” Abigail asked in a baby voice. “You think Neil is the coolest guy ever for standing up for me? I think so too!” I blushed quietly. I was glad that Abigail appreciated me, even if it meant getting my ass kicked. Abigail put Nachos down on the ground. “Okay, now go play, buddy!” Nachos ran away.

For a while it was just me and Abigail, sitting alone in the living room. The only sound was the clock ticking back and forth every second, but I hardly noticed it. Everything other than Abigail just seemed to melt away into nothingness, like the only thing that mattered was her. After a few minutes, Abigail broke the awkward silence. 
“Hey, you want to watch some tv?” Abigail grabbed the remote, and with the push of a button the television flickered to life. She clicked a few buttons, and the display changed to a cartoon. “Here! Let’s watch this one! It’s the show I’m always telling you about!” My eyes diverted away from Abigail and moved towards the tv. The show was just like what Abigail said. There were tons of colors and jokes. We both laughed and chuckled at the characters on the show. I often looked over to Abigail to see her angelic smile. Thankfully, I don’t think she noticed. 

It turns out there was some sort of marathon of the show. After the first episode we watched, there was another, and another. After the first two episodes, Abigail seemed to grow cold and tired. She turned on the fireplace with the flick of a switch. Then, slowly and absentmindedly, Abigail yawned and rested her head on my chest. Thankfully, all the drool from earlier had dried up. I was surprised, anxious, nervous, and excited all at the same time. Still, I tried my hardest not to show it. Abigail didn’t make a big deal of it, so I thought that I shouldn’t either. Thunder boomed behind me. I looked outside the window to see that rainstorms and thunder clouds had rolled in. The clouds blocked out the sun, and left the living room dim and atmospheric. The lights in the room weren’t on, though I wouldn’t want them to be. There was something about being alone in the dark with Abigail that felt comforting. Something about Abigail comforted me, and made me feel special especially in the dark. It made me feel happy. 

Absentmindedly, I started running my fingers through her hair. Her hair wasn’t soft or smooth, but rather raggedy and tough. It felt like I was dragging my fingers through straw. Nonetheless, Abigail was the girl I loved. I continued to play with her hair until she fell asleep. She drooled on my shirt again, but I didn’t mind. 

Chapter 18

All too soon, the marathon ended. The ice had melted away to become a useless pack of water, and the peas had grown warm and less than effective towards my bruises. I shifted position a little bit. It didn’t hurt quite as much. I gently shook Abigail on the shoulder. 
“Hey, Abigail,” I whispered, “Wake up, sleepyhead!”
Abigail slowly opened her eyes. Her eyes met mine and they grew wide with excitement, and she smiled a tiny smile. She lifted her head, then her chest, then her entire upper body until she was sitting upright. She turned to the tv. “Aw man! I missed all the episodes!” she pouted. I gave her a hug. 
“Would you want to stay for dinner?” she asked.
I only had to think about it for a moment before I spurt out, “Yes.”
Abigail smiled. “Okay! I think dinner is in the fridge tonight.” She got up and headed to the kitchen. 
I called my dad and explained I was staying at Abigail’s for dinner. He seemed happy, but maybe it was just because he wouldn’t have to make a lot of effort for dinner. 
“Yup!” I heard Abigail shout from the kitchen. “Today’s dinner is lasagna!” I heard the clacking of plates and the whir of the microwave. I stood up off the couch. I had been sitting for a few hours at the very least. Getting up didn’t hurt as much as I had expected. 

As I headed towards the kitchen, a framed picture hung on the wall caught my eye. I stopped walking to look at it. It was an old picture of Abigail. She couldn’t have been older than 5 years old. She was standing in the sun on a patch of grass. She had a small, blue sunhat on, and was holding a white, stuffed teddy bear. Young Abigail smiled into the camera with the same smile that I’d fallen in love with.  Abigail walked up to me from the kitchen.
“Oh hey…” she said quietly, “You looking at little old me?”
I smiled. “Yeah. How old was this photo?”
	She thought for a minute. “Hmm. Maybe around 12 years ago? I don’t know why my parents keep it up.” For about the billionth time today, Abigail blushed. “Oh wait here!” Abigail ran away towards a separate hallway, away from the living room and Kitchen. She ran into a room and ran back quickly. Abigail held up a frayed teddy bear, with a myriad of patches and stitches. “This is the little teddy in the photo! His name is Nachos! He’s the original Nachos!” 
I laughed at Abigail’s creativity, or lack thereof. I found it ironic that Abigail criticised her parents for keeping her photo up, but that she still kept the teddy bear. 
“C’mon dinner’s ready!” Abigail exclaimed and ran to the kitchen. Abigail’s upbeat personality made me smile, despite the amount of pain I was in. Grinning, I followed her into the kitchen.

Chapter 19

	I finished my plate of lasagna. It was delicious. It was late. I knew I had to be heading home soon. I thanked Abigail for the meal, and she apologized again for drooling on my shirt. I felt much better than when I had woke up. My bruises and sores didn’t hurt as much as they did. Things were getting better. Before I left, Nachos came running up to me and Abigail ran to get her.
	“Are you sure you’re going to be able to get home alright?” Abigail asked caringly.
	“I think so.” I replied. It was easy to feel genuine concern from her. 
	“Gee it’s pretty dark out… I’d feel bad if you were all alone. Would it be alright if I walked you home?”
Before I could even register what she had just said, I blurted out, “Yes!” Then I thought about it. “Wouldn’t it be scary for you to walk home alone in the dark?” 
“Don’t worry!” she said. “I’ll bring Nachos!”

We began walking to my house. It was dark and quiet. The only sounds we heard were each other’s breaths and the crickets in the distance. The sidewalk was thin. We had to squish together so we would both fit. Normally, if I was alone, I would be scared. But, being next to Abigail made me feel like everything was okay. We had gotten to the end of the block when Abigail screamed.

“I FORGOT NACHOS!”

It was true. She had left Nachos on the front porch. She dashed back to get him. As she ran back, I saw her lustrous hair fluttering as she ran. Left foot after right foot, she ran back through the darkness towards Nachos. I had considered for a moment about chasing after her, and making sure she was alright. I didn’t. I was confident she would return swiftly, running through the dark with Nachos in hand.

Abigail came back swiftly running through the dark with Nachos in hand. She apologized for being so clumsy and put Nachos down, this time on a leash.

As Abigail walked from streetlight to streetlight I had noticed how stunning she looked in the moonlight. So badly did I want to take her in my arms and kiss a deep, passionate kiss, to dip her in the middle of one of the streetlights, like a spotlight, center stage at the climax of a broadway show; to tell her I loved her, and that I wanted to be with her. But I didn’t. I was too nervous, or too pusillanimous to do what my heart was urging me to do. Nonetheless, I could still hear Nachos’ jingling collar, the sound of our footsteps, and the crickets in the distance over the beating of my heart. It felt like it was about to beat out of my chest and leap to Abigail. It longed to be near her. Around me, I smelled the cool night air, alongside Abigail’s cinnamon perfume, which I had grown accustomed to over the time we spent together. 

All too soon, we reached my house. I walked up and unlocked the door. The door was barely a few inches open when I heard barking and the pitter patter of small feet. Mittens came dashing to the door. I knelt down and picked him up.

“Holy cow!” I exclaimed. “Mittens you’re so much better!”
Mittens curled up in my arms and yawned. He was so adorable. I put him back on the ground when his gaze met Nachos’. Mittens’ eyes widened and his tongue began hanging out. He began frantically licking his nose and he moved towards Nachos. Gracefully, and with poise and elegance, Mittens sniffed Nachos’ butt. Nachos’ did the same. 

“Wow! They sure do like each other!” Abigail commented. “Maybe you could bring Mittens over for a play date with Nachos sometime.”
Abigail winked and I blushed. 

We stood there on the front steps for a moment. I could’ve kissed her, or simply could’ve made a move. But I didn’t. We stood there awkwardly, in silence, with romantic tension so thick it could be used to moor a ship. 

Chapter 20

	For the next three weeks, I continued to hang out with Abigail. We ate lunch together, and every Friday I brought over Mittens to play with Nachos. During their playdates, Abigail and I would sit together on the couch and watch tv. I enjoyed our time together. It felt like before I’d met Abigail, life was whizzing by at the blink of an eye. I didn’t have anything that made me want to slow down and take everything in. Now, I cherished every moment. It felt like every second of every day was another opportunity to spend time with the most amazing girl that I’d ever met. She gave my life purpose, and that’s just about the greatest gift that one friend can give to another. 

I was at Abigail’s house with Mittens. Mittens was so much better than I had expected! Maybe the vet was wrong. Things don’t always end up going the way you anticipate, and maybe that’s a good thing. 

Abigail’s birthday was in a week, and I’d already gotten her a gift. I bought her a t-shirt of her favourite show. I knew she would love it. 

We were watching tv when Abigail turned to me.
“Hey Neil,” she started, “so you know it’s my birthday in a week right?”
I nodded.
“Yeah so, a few of my friends were planning on throwing me a party on my birthday, and I want you to come too!” Abigail smiled and blushed.
I reactively smiled from ear to ear. “Sure! Where is it?” I expected Abigail’s party to be somewhere lame, like shopping for clothes or other girly things. I wouldn’t have cared either way though, because spending time with Abigail would’ve been enough to make me happy.
“It’s laser tag!”
I gasped. I loved laser tag! I couldn’t wait.

As the clouds opened and a ray of light shone its way into my eyes, I knew that there was only good to come.

Chapter 21

I was so excited for Abigail’s party that I could barely sleep the night before. The morning of her party I ended up sleeping in past my alarm. I freaked out and rushed to put on my clothes. I dashed out the front door without even eating a bite of breakfast. I managed to catch the bus to the laser tag arena just before it left. Once on the bus, I plopped down onto the seat to catch my breath. I checked the time. 

I wasn’t even late.
Then I remembered I set my alarm earlier than I needed to be so that I would be on time. Exhausted, I breathed a heavy sigh of relief.

When I stepped into the laser tag lobby, I saw Abigail and her friends. They were all standing around gossiping or whatever it was girls did. I was about to go up to them when I realized something didn’t feel right. I looked down at my clothes. In my morning rush, I had put my shoes on the wrong feet, and my shirt was on backwards. Also my fly was down. Quickly, I rushed into the bathroom.

I went in a stall and quickly took off my shirt and put it back on correctly. I stumbled and nearly fell over fixing my shoes. Finally, with one swift motion, I zipped up my fly.

I left the stall and looked in the mirror. My hair was a mess. I turned on the tap and began to fix my hair. I tried to make it look at best as I could. I wanted to impress Abigail in as many ways as possible, looks and laser tag skills. I heard a flush in an adjacent stall. I turned to look. Then it hit me like the way a drunken redneck beats his wife.

	There weren’t any urinals in the bathroom. They were all stalls. I wasn’t in the boys bathroom, I was in the girls.

	I freaked out. There wasn’t much time until that girl who flushed would come out of the stall. I turned heel and ran. This day was off to a terrible start. I expected the rest of the day to follow suit.

	Sheepishly, I walked up to the rest of the girls. Abigail wasn’t with them. I stuck out like a white man in the Nigerian countryside with everyone else. They continued to chatter. There were four girls. They all had differently colored highlights; pink, blue, and purple. The fourth girl was a natural ginger. 

	Several times, I tried to jump into their conversation, spouting relevant things about our schoolmates and the like. They acknowledged what I said, but never really built anything up from it. They’d turn to me, agree, and turn back and continue what they were talking about before. Catchphrases and quirky things Abigail would normally say were integrated into these girls’ natural conversation. I thought, maybe we’re all just made up of bits and pieces of the people that we love.

Soon Abigail returned. She gave me a hug and we all got set up for laser tag. After a quick briefing, we were all gripping our guns with determination and running out into the arena.

Chapter 22

	The arena was dimly lit. They had heavy props shaped like rubble that they could be rearranged by the staff to provide cover during games. A thin, grey smoke filled the corridors. You couldn’t see more than 20 feet in front of you. I felt my way around the arena with one hand, clutching the grip of the rifle with the other. Dubstep was blasting through the speakers above. We were wearing vests with lights on the shoulders, back, and chest that functioned as targets we were to shoot in order to score points. All relevant information about who shot us, and who we shot were displayed on a small digital monitor on the top of our gun. 

	Suddenly, I saw a blur whiz past me. Instinctively, I readied and aimed my gun. Whatever it was, it was gone. I lowered my gun, still holding onto it with both hands. For a moment, I thought maybe I was seeing things. I started to move forward when something pressed onto my back sensor.
	“Turn around!” a voice commanded, “slowly!”
	I did what I was told. I turned around and saw Abigail holding her gun at me point blank.
	Out of nowhere, Abigail grabbed my chest and pushed me to the nearest wall, still holding on. She was holding onto me tight, and our noses were nearly touching. I could smell the mint flavoured gum she was chewing. I looked into her deep brown eyes as she looked into mine. Her hands were planted softly on my hips. She slowly closed her eyes and leaned in close. Her lips started to move. This was it, I thought. I’m going to kiss Abigail! I closed my eyes, and leaned in slowly.

	*BEEP BEEP BEEP*

	The loud warning emitted from my gun, and shocked me awake from my trance. I looked around. Abigail was running away. I looked down on my screen.

FIRST BLOOD! -1 REDUCTION TO POINTS! SHOT BY: ABIGAIL 3x

Abigail shot me three times! I couldn’t believe it. She distracted me by making me think she was going to kiss me, then shot me and ran away. I was as shocked as a phone doing laps in a pool.

Since I was first blood, I knew I was losing. The first blood of each laser tag match is always given a handicap, with the reduction of 1 point per each kill, each regular kill scoring 3 points. Maybe Abigail knew about the handicap, and tricked me so she could win. Abigail was devious. And I loved it.

	I was determined to win the game, regardless of the handicap. I’d show Abigail! Maybe she’d be impressed by my skills and like me a bit more. I laughed at my own idea. But then again, it couldn’t hurt to try.

Chapter 23

 	Mentally, I prepared myself. Breathe in. Breathe out. I gripped the gun tighter. Breathe in. Breathe out. I ran.

	I ran in the opposite direction of Abigail. I knew I’d have a better chance of shooting the other girls if Abigail wasn’t around to block me. I quickly did the math. Abigail shot me three times, so she had to be at nine points. For me to catch up, I’d have to shoot at least 5 people. I reached an intersection in the corridors. There were 4 ways I could go, left, right, back, and forward. I knew I couldn’t turn back, so that narrowed it down to three. I looked down the right corridor and I saw the girl with blue highlights about 8 feet away. I figured that if I headed left, she could turn around and shoot me with ease, meaning the only way I had left was forward. I crouched, and leapt forward diving. At the apex of my jump, I was positioned so my gun would be facing her. I pulled the trigger and shot her twice. My body hit the ground with a thud. I pushed myself up, and ran. I checked the display on my gun.

SHOT: JENNY! 2x
CURRENT SCORE: 4

I was excited. My score was brought up to 4. Though by that time, Abigail could’ve easily scored more points in the time it took me to shoot Jenny. I kept running. There were stairs that lead to a higher platform in the arena. I scrambled up them, skipping steps along the way. 

Atop the stairs there was a barred hole in the wall, giving a view of the first floor. Through the hole, I spied the girl with purple highlights. She was facing in a way that her right shoulder was towards me.

I lifted up my gun so the hilt was against my shoulder. I lined up the barrel towards her, and shifted my head so my eye was atop the gun. I aimed for her left shoulder. I pulled the trigger. Her vest began flashing and I looked at the screen.

SHOT: HANNAH! 
CURRENT SCORE: 6

	Hannah looked to her left, away from me, just as I had planned. That way, I could run away while she was distracted. I ran.

Carefully, I made my way down the corridor. The hallway ended, and split off into two sections. I looked down the right one. It was a dead end, with a mirror. The mirror was dirty, and was littered with oily spots and handprints. Something seemed off about my vest. In the mirror, it seemed like there were more lights than usual. I turned around to see the girl with pink highlights holding her gun at me point blank. 

“Don’t worry,” she said, “I won’t shoot you as long as you tell me the truth.”
Puzzled, I looked at her.
“I want to know if you have a thing for Abigail.”
I blushed. I didn’t know what to say. I could tell her the truth, but she might tell Abigail, and that would ruin everything. I could lie, but then I’d risk getting shot.
“If you’re worried I’ll tell Abigail, I won’t.”
I sighed out of relief. Time for the match was running out. I didn’t have time to debate with myself anymore. “Yes, I do.” I reluctantly stated.
“Awe!” The girl squeaked. “That’s adorable!” 

The girl did as she promised and holstered her gun. She moved to the side and let me out of the dead end. I’d thought about whether or not I should shoot her, but that wouldn’t be fair. I gave her a smile and a thanks, and ran down the left corridor. I never forgot her name: Marissa.

Chapter 24

	Since I didn’t shoot Marissa, I was still at 6 points. I had already shot the girls with blue, and purple highlights, so that meant the only girls I hadn’t shot were the ginger girl, and Abigail. 

	I ran through corridor after corridor and found nobody. The center of the arena was a large, open space, with ample cover,  and that’s where I ended up being. Crouching, I moved from cover to cover, wary of anyone who would shoot me. 

I rounded a corner and ran into the ginger girl. We both stood there for a moment, processing what had happened. I dove backwards, still facing her. I pulled the trigger as many times as I could, without caring how accurate I was. My gun beeped with every shot I took. Three beeps. I landed on my butt, and rolled out of the way. Backpedaling, I checked the display on my monitor. 

SHOT: CHLOE! 6x
CURRENT SCORE: 18

	I felt confident in my score. Everyone I had encountered had been far enough apart that they wouldn’t run into each other constantly. Before I realized it, I was back to the center of the arena.

	I turned around and saw her. Abigail stood there with her gun mirroring me.

	“Hey Neil,” she said with the most sadistic smile on her face, “Game’s almost over! What are you at?”
I looked down to see. “I’m at-”
*BEEP*
	Abigail shot me while I was looking at my score. I looked up to see her giggling and running for cover. Quickly, I did the same.

I knelt on the ground behind cover, with my gun at the ready, aimed right for Abigail’s cover spot. I was kneeling behind a hip high prism of cover, whereas Abigail had her back towards me and her cover, behind a pillar.

She popped her head out like a groundhog to check her surroundings. Nonetheless, her left shoulder sensor was completely open. 

I adjusted my aim and pulled the trigger, each pull updating the screen on my gun. 

Abigail realized the flaw in her defense and squeaked like a mouse. She tucked in her shoulder.

My gun needed to be reloaded. I hit the reload button, and out of the corner of my eye, Abigail did a knee slide to another piece of cover to my left. She didn’t make it all the way though, and walked on her knees to make it the rest of the way. I straightened up, and aimed for Abigail, but I was too slow. Abigail had shot me. While she was shooting me, I shot back at her. She was shooting my right shoulder, but I was aiming for her chest. 

We couldn’t keep doing this forever. One of us had to break up this fight, and it was going to be me. I crouched down behind cover, squatting, and sprung over my piece of cover. I dove into the air, twisting my body sideways to guide the laser towards Abigail. She was in so much surprise she was barely focused on retaliating my attack. I hit the ground on my right side, and rolled over to my left. On all fours, I scrambled up and reached Abigail’s original cover spot. I stuck my gun out of cover and blindly fired into where I had estimated she had been. While I was shooting, I saw her to the opposite side of the center of the arena, vaulting over various rubble shaped obstacles. 

There was no way I could possibly shoot Abigail from my current position. I had to move.  Following suit to Abigail, I ran forward and dropped onto my knees, sliding across the open space into cover. Kneeling down to crouch behind the I still couldn’t shoot Abigail. For a moment, I lost balance, and fell, grabbing the rubble for support. The rubble was thick and strong, and could easily support all 5 of us. I got an idea. 

I vaulted up onto the rubble, standing atop it like the way a white man does with other cultures. From there, I leaped to the next piece of rubble a few feet away. I ran like this towards Abigail. She aimed at me, and continued to shoot at me. When I was close enough, I tackled Abigail. 

Abigail hit the ground with a poomf. I laid on top of her, my face inches away from hers. My gaze met hers, and I looked into her deep hazel eyes. For the first moment since the game started, it was quiet. Nobody was around, and it was dark. I leaned in, lips pursed, and began to close my eyes as Abigail did the same. It felt like I was centimeters away from her face when I heard a bell.

The game was over.

Chapter 25
	We all reconvened outside the arena. Staring intensely at the scoreboard, we saw our names pop up one by one. 

5th: MARISSA
4th: HANNAH
3rd: CHLOE
This was it. We were down to the last two. Was the winner me? Or Abigail? 

2nd: ABIGAIL
1st: NEIL

I couldn’t believe it! I had won! Still jittering with excitement, Abigail walked over to me and gave me a great big hug.
 
“Congratulations Neil!” she said. She sounded genuinely happy for me. 
“Thanks… I couldn’t have done it without you!” 
She hit me playfully. “Sassy jerk!”

I couldn’t help but laugh. Looking back on it now, I don’t think there was ever a time I was around Abigail that I didn’t want to smile. 

She loved the shirt I gave her, and wore it constantly. She looked adorable in it, and she told me it was one of her favourite gifts from that day. She said I really knew her.
	
I realized it then. I was in love with her.

Chapter 26

	Two months passed since Abigail’s birthday. I continued to talk to Abigail on a daily basis. Marissa had grown fond of me, but on a strictly platonic level. She told me that she thought Abigail and I would be cute together. It was nice to have another friend. 

	Marissa was a lot like Abigail, but also different. Talking to Marissa was like seeing your family fridge that was regularly cluttered with family schedules and important memorabilia empty and barren. Everything was different, but somehow it was still the same. We got along well, and we even hung out a couple of times. She knew how to dance, and was killer on the violin. However, unlike Abigail, she had a muscular, handsome, tall boyfriend who she talked a great deal about.

	It was Christmas. The snow had fallen, and festivity was at an all time high. Abigail wore a red stocking cap to school for a whole week in celebration. She loved snow, and she loved Christmas, just as I had loved her. Excitement began to grow as Christmas vacation grew near. Abigail was excited, even more than she usually was. 

	During that time, I felt like I was on top of the world. Abigail and I were becoming closer every day, and I had made a new friend in Marissa. I was acing all of my classes, and Mittens was back to his normal self. Life was good. I was happy.

	One day, Abigail and I were walking down the hall. 
	“Hey Neil?”
	“Yeah, what’s up?”
	“Have you ever noticed that your right hand has never touched your right elbow?”
	I thought about it for a second. Truthfully, I never did notice that. Nonetheless, it didn’t stop me from trying.

I bent my wrist in an awkward position, and tried to bend my elbow to make the two meet. It was futile, but it was fun. Abigail laughed, and I did too. After all this time, hearing her laugh was like hearing it for the first time all over again. The sound of joy and cheer in her voice,  along with her sheer, utter happiness made my heart flutter. 

Abigail and I were walking to class together, side by side. We were too busy laughing to notice that both of us weren’t small enough to fit in the classroom doorway at the same time. We bumped into each other and giggled at our clumsiness. I looked up and saw it.

Mistletoe.

Abigail saw it too. She looked at me with those beautiful, hazel eyes, and blushed. She nervously smiled from ear to ear, and her gaze averted downwards as she started twirling her hair with her finger. 
	
	“Hehe…” Abigail started quietly, “Neil look we’re under the mistletoe!” she blushed.
	I blushed too. “Yeah… I guess we are.” I couldn’t help but smile out of nervousness.
	“You know what that means… Right?”

	I started to feel warm. My eyes flitted around the room, and I think I started to sweat a bit too. Abigail leaned in close. She closed her eyes. I was frozen with nervousness. She kissed me. She kissed me on the cheek, below my left ear. It was the second time Abigail had kissed me. As she drew back, she told me it was my turn. So badly did I want to grab her, and dip her, and give her a big kiss on the lips, or to tell her that I loved her, and that I had ever since that night I saw her.

	But I didn’t do any of those things. 

	Instead, I leaned in to kiss her. I wasn’t aiming for her lips, but for the spot below her ear, where she had kissed me. I grew closer and closer to her cheek. I’d never kissed a girl before, let alone a beautiful girl like Abigail. 

I was inches away from her cheek. 
Centimeters.
Millimeters.

I missed.

My eyes were closed in the heat of the moment. I couldn’t see where I was going, so I just assumed I was right below her ear. It turns out I was way off. I leaned in for a kiss, and all I got was a mouth full of hair. 

Abigail giggled. She tilted her head down, and moved her eyes slyly towards me.

I should have kissed her on the lips. I should have told her I loved her. 

But I didn’t. 

Chapter 27

	School had ended and it was Winter Break. Abigail and I called each other almost twice a day. Abigail’s parents were divorced, so she had to attend multiple Christmas dinners and family nights. Sometimes she’d tell me how it was almost too much to handle. She was swamped with family Christmas activities and didn’t have much time to spend with her friends. Nonetheless, she still called me as much as she could. 

	I was happy to be home. My mom and dad spent lots of time together with me. Mittens joined in the fun too. The four of us were a happy family.
	
	Mittens was restless. He would never stop barking, and he always wanted to play. I was happy that the vet was wrong. Mittens was a big part of my life and I was glad that he was going to stay. However, Mittens was starting to miss Nachos. I hadn’t taken Mittens to see Nachos since school ended, because Abigail was so busy and didn’t have time for puppy playdates. I started to think that the both of us missed Abigail.

	Throughout the whole 22 day break, Abigail and I hung out only on the last day of vacation. We went ice skating under the stars. Abigail fell down nearly 50 times. She was too clumsy and uncoordinated to stay on her feet. Fortunately, it was late, and mos of the skaters had gone home. Soon it was just me and Abigail skating and falling. Eventually she just lied down in the middle of the rink in resignation. I skated over to her and lied down next to her, only opposite. I turned my head towards her, and she did the same to me. Abigail scrunched up her nose and made a silly face. We both laughed. Together, we looked up at the stars, pointing out constellations.

	“That one’s Orion!” I pointed.
	“Oh and that one’s cepheus!”
	“Awe look at the little dipper over there!”
	“Neil that’s the big dipper!”
	“Nuh uh!”
	“Yuh huh!”
	
	I turned my head to look at her. This time, it was my turn to scrunch up my nose and make a silly face.
	“Trust me Neil, I know everything.” Abigail assured, “that’s definitely the little dipper!”
	“I thought you said it was the big dipper!”
	“OH RIGHT!”

	We laughed together.

I wanted that moment to last forever. I wanted to lie next to her in the ice rink alone watching the stars for all eternity. 

But I couldn’t.

Nothing lasts forever.

Chapter 28

Winter vacation ended and we went back to school. Abigail and I actually had math class together, and I was ecstatic. Abigail made math exciting, despite the fact that what we were learning was more boring than watching beige paint dry. I looked forward to every day, getting to see Abigail and being next to her for an hour and a half. The sun shone bright, and the heat was near sweltering. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky for days. 

Three months after school started, tickets to the spring formal had gone on sale, and yet again I was too shy to ask Abigail to go with me. But then, one day we were talking, and she brought up the topic.

“Hey Neil,” Abigail asked, “are you going to go to the spring formal?”
“No, why?”
“Well cause… I kind of wanted to go but none of my friends want to and I don’t want to show up alone.” she pouted and made a sad puppy dog face. 
I smiled. “Do you want to go with me?”
She nearly jumped in celebration. “Yaay!! Neil I’d love to!” 
Even though I was trying my hardest to seem calm, I wanted to jump up in celebration too. I felt like I could take on the world. Everything seemed to be going right.

Life was good.

Chapter 29
	
A couple weeks passed and it was time for the formal. I wore a black suit with a red tie. I spent hours doing my hair. I wanted this night to be perfect for me and Abigail. 

The dance started at 7:30, and ended at 11:00. I was punctual and showed up a little early. Abigail and I hadn’t planned out exactly what time we were to meet each other, and she since she wasn’t there yet, I knew I’d have to wait. I sat down on the bench next to the school’s front door. I remembered how Abigail gave me her phone number there. It felt as if that memory was ages ago. I could barely remember feeling alive before I’d met Abigail. 

Then, after about 10 minutes, Robbie came in. He had two girls with him, one on each arm. He wouldn’t even look at me. “All hail the high and mighty Robbie,” I thought sarcastically to myself. I didn’t need him. Abigail was my new best friend, and she was infinitely better than he was. Then Mark came in. I think he was afraid of me, but only because of Abigail. One by one, all the people I used to know flooded the hall. Then, finally, she came in.

Abigail walked through the front doors wearing a beautiful short, blue dress. She was wearing small, red high heels, and had her hair done up nicely. She had a coat on, but I didn’t need to see her to know she looked beautiful.  Though she wore no makeup, I still thought that she looked absolutely stunning. I stood up and she greeted me with a hug. We went to the coat room and handed them our coats. Then, we hit the dance floor.

Abigail started jumping up and down. I don’t think she was quite well versed in the art of dancing. Then again, neither was I. Standing near Abigail, I swung my hips and arms back and forth in time with the song. We both looked stupid, but I was glad I didn’t look stupid alone.

After about 20 minutes of dancing like idiots, we decided to get some food. There were cookies and drinks provided, and we both enjoyed them. As we started to walk away, Abigail stumbled in her heels and spilled her drink of water on the front of my shirt. She started freaking out and apologizing, but it wasn’t a big deal. I gave her a hug, and then we both had water on ourselves. Abigail laughed, both relieved and amused. She hit me playfully, and I hit back.

Chapter 30
	
	When we got back to the dance floor, the song was already ending. The DJ boomed over the microphone.
	“Heyyyy all you boys and girls! Grab a partner ‘cause we’re about to take it slowwwww.”
	Suddenly, the song changed to a slow ballad. Abigail walked in front of me and turned to face me. She stuck out her right hand.
	“Do you wanna dance?”
	I grabbed her hand and pulled her close. She placed her arms behind my neck. I put my hands on her hips. Together, we swayed back and forth in time with the music. Abigail was looking down at her feet, nervous that she would step on my toes. I took two fingers and lifted up her chin.
	“Hey,” I softly uttered, “my eyes are up here.”
	Abigail snorted. She looked into my eyes, and I looked into hers. The room was dark, the only light being the strobe lights that flashed around erratically. I could smell Abigail’s sweet cinnamon perfume. The soft music illuminated the night. 

	Nothing else mattered to me that night. Not Mark or Robbie or my wet shirt or the fact that I didn’t know how to dance. All that mattered was her.

	I went home that night completely taken with Abigail. I was in even more love than I had been before. The next day, I decided that I would stop playing the waiting game. I was going to tell Abigail how I felt. How I’d loved her for so long and longed to be with her; how every second of every day I fell deeper and deeper in love. 

	I had a feeling in my gut that she felt the same way about me.

Chapter 31

I stepped out of bed to see the window that morning. The sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and the clouds had gone away. 
	
I arrived to school later that I usually would, held back by my own anxiety of what was about to happen today. During the lunch break, I would find Abigail and get her alone and tell her how I felt.

The minutes crawled through my morning classes. I remember every detail of that day. How Mr. Johnson was lecturing on the death of Franz Ferdinand ended up starting the first World War, how it wasn’t called “the first World War” but rather “the Great War”, how Lindsey was sick and got up to blow her nose 8 times, how there were 48 rectangular panels in the ceiling. I wanted to remember this as a triumphant day, as the day that everything had led up to.

	It felt like my journey was finally coming to an end. From that first night I saw her to the weekly art club meetings. To the day Robbie and I fought, to the day we went to the mall, to the time I went to her house and we watched tv, to her birthday and laser tag, and the ice rink, and the dance. All of it had lead to this day.

	Lunch had finally come and it was do or die time. I found Abigail where she always was.
	
	“Hey… Abigail think we could talk for a sec?”
	She stood up and walked with me to a quiet corner of the school. “Yeah, whats up?”
	“I… I’ve wanted to tell you this since the first day I met you.”
	Abigail made a confused face, but she also seemed to know what I was going to say.
	“Abigail… Ever since the moment I first met you, I’ve fallen head over heels in love with you. I love your smile and your eyes and the way you think and the way that you make me feel like I can do anything. I really like you, Abigail… and… I just want to know… do you want… to be with me?”
	
I eagerly awaited her response.

Chapter 32
	She processed what I had said.

Chapter 33
	She thought for a moment.

Chapter 34
	She started to mouth the syllables.

Chapter 35
	She spoke.

	“No. I only like you as a friend, Neil.”




























































































































































































































